h1. Visual Studio Task

Most complex build processes use [NAnt Task] or [MSBuild Task] to script the build. However, for simple projects that just need to build a Visual Studio.NET solution, the Visual Studio task <devenv> provides an easier method.  


h2. Version

Available from version 1.0

h2. Examples

{code:xml|borderStyle=solid|titleBGColor=#ADD6FF|title=Minimalist example}
<devenv>
  <solutionfile>src\MyProject.sln</solutionfile>
  <configuration>Debug</configuration>
</devenv>
{code}
{code:xml|borderStyle=solid|titleBGColor=#ADD6FF|title=Full example}
<devenv>
  <solutionfile>src\MyProject.sln</solutionfile>
  <configuration>Debug</configuration>
  <buildtype>Build</buildtype>
  <project>MyProject</project>
  <executable>c:\program files\Microsoft Visual Studio .NET\Common7\IDE\devenv.com</executable>
  <buildTimeoutSeconds>600</buildTimeoutSeconds>
  <version>VS2002</version>
</devenv>
{code}


h2. Configuration Elements

|| Element || Description || Type || Required || Default || Version ||
| buildTimeoutSeconds | Number of seconds to wait before assuming that the process has hung and should be killed.   | Int32 | No | 600 (10 minutes) | 1.0 |
| buildtype | The type of build.   | String - one of:
* Rebuild
* Build
* Clean | No | rebuild | 1.0 |
| configuration | The solution configuration to use (not case sensitive).   | String | Yes | _n/a_ | 1.0 |
| description | Description used for the visualisation of the buildstage, if left empty the process name will be shown.   | String | No | The task/publisher name. | 1.5 |
| dynamicValues | The dynamic values to use for the task.   | [Dynamic Values] array | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| environment |   A set of environment variables set for commands that are executed.  \\  Each variable should be specified as {code:xml|borderStyle=solid}
<variable name="name" value="value" />
{code}
.   | [Environment Variable] array | No |  |  |
| executable | The path to devenv.com.   | String | No | See below | 1.0 |
| priority | The priority class of the spawned process.   | String - one of:
* Normal
* Idle
* High
* RealTime
* BelowNormal
* AboveNormal | No | Normal | 1.5 |
| project | A specific project in the solution, if you only want to build one project (not case sensitive).   | String | No | All projects | 1.0 |
| solutionfile | The path of the solution file to build. If relative, it is relative to the Project Working Directory.   | String | Yes | _n/a_ | 1.0 |
| version | The version of Visual Studio.   | String - one of:
* VS2002
* VS2003
* VS2005
* VS2008
* VS2010
* 7.0
* 7.1
* 8.0
* 9.0
* 10.0 | No | See below | 1.0 |

h2. Notes

If executable and version are not specified, CC.NET will search the registry for VS.NET 2010, 2008, 2005, 2003, and 2002 in that order. If you need to use a specific version when a newer version is installed, you should specify the version property to identify it, or specify the executable property to point to the location of correct version of devenv.com.  
{warning}
This task requires you to have Visual Studio .NET installed on your integration server.  
{warning}
Often programmers like to use a centralised project to build an entire software system. They define specific dependencies and the build order on that specific project to reproduce the behaviours of an nmake build.  
{include:Integration Properties}

{info:title=Automatically Generated}
Documentation generated on Saturday, 22 Jan 2011 at 12:14:21 AM
Using assembly version 1.6.7979.1
{info}
