h1. NCover Report Task

Generate a code coverage report using NCover.  
{tip}
NCover is a commerical application that will profile code while unit tests are running. The tool is available from http://www.ncover.com/.  
{tip}
{info:title=Supported Versions}
CruiseControl.NET only supports NCover 3.x currently.  
{info}


h2. Version

Available from version 1.5

h2. Examples

{code:xml|borderStyle=solid|titleBGColor=#ADD6FF|title=To produce a summary report with a minimum coverage of 95%}
<ncoverReport>
  <executable>C:\Program Files\NCover\NCover.Reporting.exe</executable>
  <outputDir>ncover\reports</outputDir>
  <reports>
    <report>Summary</report>
  </reports>
  <minimumThresholds>
    <coverageThreshold metric="SymbolCoverage" value="95" />
  </minimumThresholds>
</ncoverReport>
{code}
{code:xml|borderStyle=solid|titleBGColor=#ADD6FF|title=To generate a full report that is ordered by coverage percentage in a descending order}
<ncoverReport>
  <executable>C:\Program Files\NCover\NCover.Reporting.exe</executable>
  <outputDir>ncover\reports</outputDir>
  <reports>
    <report>FullCoverageReport</report>
  </reports>
  <sortBy>CoveragePercentageDescending</sortBy>
</ncoverReport>
{code}


h2. Configuration Elements

|| Element || Description || Type || Required || Default || Version ||
| baseDir | The base directory to use. All relative parameters will be relative to this parameter.   | String | No | Project Working Directory | 1.5 |
| buildId | A custom build id to attach.  \\ *Maps to //bi* | String | No | The build label | 1.5 |
| clearFilters | Should the coverage filters be cleared.  \\ *Maps to //ccf* | Boolean | No | false | 1.5 |
| coverageFile | The location to read the coverage date from. If relative, this will be relative to baseDir.   | String | No | coverage.xml | 1.5 |
| filters | The filters to apply.  \\ *Maps to //cf* | [Coverage Filter] array | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| description | Description used for the visualisation of the buildstage, if left empty the process name will be shown.   | String | No | The task/publisher name. | 1.5 |
| dynamicValues | The dynamic values to use for the task.   | [Dynamic Values] array | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| environment |   A set of environment variables set for commands that are executed.  \\  Each variable should be specified as {code:xml|borderStyle=solid}
<variable name="name" value="value" />
{code}
.   | [Environment Variable] array | No |  |  |
| executable | The executable to use.   | String | No | NCover.Reporting | 1.5 |
| hide | The elements to hide.  \\ *Maps to //hi* | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| mergeFile | The file to store the merged data in. If relative, this will be relative to baseDir.  \\ *Maps to //s* | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| mergeMode | The merge mode to use.  \\ *Maps to //mfm* | String - one of:
* Default
* KeepSourceFilters
* Destructive
* AppendFilters | No | Default | 1.5 |
| minimumThresholds | The minimum coverage thresholds.  \\ *Maps to //mc* | [Coverage Threshold] array | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| numberToReport | The maximum number of items to report.  \\ *Maps to //smf* | Int32 | No | \-1 | 1.5 |
| outputDir | The directory to output the reports to. If relative, this will be relative to baseDir.   | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| priority | The priority class of the spawned process.   | String - one of:
* Normal
* Idle
* High
* RealTime
* BelowNormal
* AboveNormal | No | Normal | 1.5 |
| projectName | The project name to use.  \\ *Maps to //p* | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| reports | The type of report to generate.  \\ *Maps to //or* | String array\\The following values are valid:
* FullCoverageReport
* Summary
* UncoveredCodeSections
* SymbolSourceCode
* SymbolSourceCodeClass
* SymbolSourceCodeClassMethod
* MethodSourceCode
* MethodSourceCodeClass
* MethodSourceCodeClassMethod
* SymbolModule
* SymbolModuleNamespace
* SymbolModuleNamespaceClass
* SymbolModuleNamespaceClassMethod
* SymbolCCModuleClassFailedCoverageTop
* SymbolCCModuleClassCoverageTop
* MethodModuleNamespaceClass
* MethodModuleNamespaceClassMethod
* MethodCCModuleClassFailedCoverageTop
* MethodCCModuleClassCoverageTop | No | FullCoverageReport | 1.5 |
| satisfactory | The satisfactory coverage thresholds.  \\ *Maps to //sct* | [Coverage Threshold] array | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| sortBy | The sort order to use.  \\ *Maps to //so* | String - one of:
* None
* Name
* ClassLine
* CoveragePercentageAscending
* CoveragePercentageDescending
* UnvisitedSequencePointsAscending
* UnvisitedSequencePointsDescending
* VisitCountAscending
* VisitCountDescending
* FunctionCoverageAscending
* FunctionCoverageDescending | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| timeout | The time\-out period in seconds. If the task does no finish running in this time it will be terminated.   | Int32 | No | 600 | 1.5 |
| uncoveredAmount | The amount of uncovered items to cover.  \\ *Maps to //tu* | Int32 | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| trendInput | The file to import the trend from.  \\ *Maps to //lt* | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| trendOutput | The file to append the trend to.  \\ *Maps to //at* | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| minimumCoverage | Whether to use minimum coverage or not.  \\ *Maps to //mcsc* | Boolean | No | false | 1.5 |
| workingDir | The working directory for the executable. If relative, this will be relative to baseDir.  \\ *Maps to //w* | String | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| xmlReportFilter | The type of report filtering to use.  \\ *Maps to //rdf* | String - one of:
* Default
* Assembly
* Namespace | No | Default | 1.5 |

h2. Notes

This task requires a profile to be completed before running. See the [NCover Profiler Task].  
This task calls NCover.Reporting to generate the reports. Full details on this tool is available at http://docs.ncover.com/ref/3\-0/ncover\-reporting/. Additional details on the mapped arguments can be found there.  


{info:title=Automatically Generated}
Documentation generated on Saturday, 22 Jan 2011 at 12:14:21 AM
Using assembly version 1.6.7979.1
{info}
