h1. NUnit Task

{tip}
See [Using CruiseControl.NET with NUnit] for more details.  
{tip}
This task enables you to instruct CCNet to run the unit tests contained within a collection of assemblies. The results of the unit tests will be automatically included in the CCNet build results. This can be useful if you have some unit tests that you want to run as part of the integration process, but you don't need as part of your developer build process. For example, if you have a set of integration tests that you want to run in a separate build process, it is easy to set up a project to use this task.  
If you are using the [Visual Studio Task] and you want to run unit tests then you probably want to use this task. Alternatively you can run NUnit using post\-build tasks in your Visual Studio project properties.  
{warning}
We recommend not using this task, and using your builder to run your tests if possible. This way if the tests fail and you don't know why, it is a lot easier to try and replicate the problem on another machine.  
{warning}
{warning}
When using this task,do NOT merge an xml file from bin folder of your app with the merge task, or the results will be save twice in the buildlog file.  
{warning}


h2. Version

Available from version 1.0

h2. Examples

{code:xml|borderStyle=solid}
<nunit>
  <path>D:\dev\ccnet\ccnet\tools\nunit\nunit-console.exe</path>
  <assemblies>
    <assembly>D:\dev\Refactoring\bin\Debug\Refactoring.exe</assembly>
    <assembly>D:\dev\Refactoring\bin\Debug\Refactoring.Core.dll</assembly>
  </assemblies>
  <excludedCategories>
    <excludedCategory>LongRunning</excludedCategory>
  </excludedCategories>
</nunit>
{code}


h2. Configuration Elements

|| Element || Description || Type || Required || Default || Version ||
| assemblies | List of the paths to the assemblies containing the NUnit tests to be run.   | String array | Yes | _n/a_ | 1.0 |
| description | Description used for the visualisation of the buildstage, if left empty the process name will be shown.   | String | No | The task/publisher name. | 1.5 |
| dynamicValues | The dynamic values to use for the task.   | [Dynamic Values] array | No | _None_ | 1.5 |
| environment |   A set of environment variables set for commands that are executed.  \\  Each variable should be specified as {code:xml|borderStyle=solid}
<variable name="name" value="value" />
{code}
.   | [Environment Variable] array | No |  |  |
| excludedCategories | List of the test categories to be excluded from the NUnit run. The tests need to have the CategoryAttribute set.   | String array | No | _None_ | 1.0 |
| includedCategories | List of the test categories to be included in the NUnit run. The tests need to have the CategoryAttribute set.   | String array | No | _None_ | 1.0 |
| path | Path of  *nunit\-console.exe* application.   | String | No | nunit\-console | 1.0 |
| outputfile | The file that NUnit will write the test results to.   | String | No | nunit\-results.xml | 1.0 |
| priority | The priority class of the spawned process.   | String - one of:
* Normal
* Idle
* High
* RealTime
* BelowNormal
* AboveNormal | No | Normal | 1.5 |
| timeout | The number of seconds that the nunit process will run before timing out.   | Int32 | No | 600 | 1.0 |

{info:title=Automatically Generated}
Documentation generated on Saturday, 22 Jan 2011 at 12:14:22 AM
Using assembly version 1.6.7979.1
{info}
