h1. Schedule Trigger

The Schedule Trigger is used to specify that an integration should be run at a certain time on certain days. By default, an integration will only be triggered if modifications have been detected since the last integration. The trigger can be configured to force a build even if have occurred to source control. The items to watch for modifications are specified with [Source Control Blocks].  
{info}
Like all triggers, the scheduleTrigger must be enclosed within a triggers element in the appropriate [Project Configuration Block].  
{info}


h2. Version

Available from version 1.0

h2. Examples

{code:xml|borderStyle=solid}
<scheduleTrigger time="23:30" buildCondition="ForceBuild" name="Scheduled">
  <weekDays>
    <weekDay>Monday</weekDay>
  </weekDays>
</scheduleTrigger>
{code}


h2. Configuration Elements

|| Element || Description || Type || Required || Default || Version ||
| buildCondition | The condition that should be used to launch the integration. By default, this value is  *IfModificationExists*, meaning that an integration will only be triggered if modifications have been detected. Set this attribute to  *ForceBuild* in order to ensure that a build should be launched regardless of whether new modifications are detected.   | String - one of:
* NoBuild
* IfModificationExists
* ForceBuild | No | IfModificationExists | 1.0 |
| name | The name of the trigger. This name is passed to external tools as a means to identify the trigger that requested the build.   | String | No | ScheduleTrigger | 1.1 |
| randomOffSetInMinutesFromTime | Adds a random amount of minutes between 0 and set value to the time. This is mainly meant for spreading the load of actions to a central server. Value must be between 0 and 59.   | Int32 | No | 0 | 1.4 |
| time | The time of day that the build should run at. The time should be specified in a locale\-specific format (ie. H:mm am/pm is acceptable for US locales.)   | String | Yes | _n/a_ | 1.0 |
| weekDays | The week days on which the build should be run (eg. Monday, Tuesday). By default, all days of the week are set.   | String array\\The following values are valid:
* Sunday
* Monday
* Tuesday
* Wednesday
* Thursday
* Friday
* Saturday | No | Monday\-Sunday | 1.0 |

h2. Notes

Use the  *buildCondition* property if you want to run a scheduled forced build.  
{warning}
this class replaces the  *PollingScheduleTrigger* and the  *ForceBuildScheduleTrigger*.  
{warning}


{info:title=Automatically Generated}
Documentation generated on Saturday, 22 Jan 2011 at 12:14:23 AM
Using assembly version 1.6.7979.1
{info}
